Add perf triage for 2026-07-06 (#2492)
rust-lang/rustc-perf: triage/2026/2026-07-06.md

|:----------------------------------:|:----:|:------------:|:-----:|
| Regressions ❌ <br /> (primary)    | 0.2% | [0.1%, 0.3%] | 7     |
| Regressions ❌ <br /> (secondary)  | 0.4% | [0.3%, 0.6%] | 12    |
| Improvements ✅ <br /> (primary)   | -    | -            | 0     |
| Improvements ✅ <br /> (secondary) | -    | -            | 0     |
| All ❌✅ (primary)                 | 0.2% | [0.1%, 0.3%] | 7     |

Regression matches pre-merge run, justified by https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/158035#issuecomment-4833952569:
"It looks acceptable now, unused-warnings is a stress benchmark with thousands of imports." (@petrochenkov)

This is also a stepping stone towards future performance improvements (parallel compiler). IIUC the primary regressions were mostly mitigated by https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/158604, mentioned below.

#### Improvements

Use `LowerAvailableDepth::No` for normalizes-to goal itself instead of its nested goals [#158705](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/158705) [(Comparison Link)](https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=3659db0d3e2cd634c766fcda79ed118eca31a9fd&end=3c00c96d3af4d5b5e101e56cc161a608b21366ee&stat=instructions:u)

> 

Author: There's something weird going on. Base commit of this PR is the end commit of the summary range. It looks like summary range "forgets" the last commit during generation. Even if I specify it explicitly in the url, it will silently only include the one before.

I think this is the same issue as https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-perf/issues/1599. I think that that bug will  happen if the last commit in range has significant changes, so next triage will reproduce it, I believe.

I suspect we do something suspicious when iterating over commits, but I tried to stare at the main loop in `handle_triage` for an hour and I couldn't figure out whether it's right or not, it is quite confusing 😄

Author: Opened an issue for this https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-perf/issues/2493

| All ❌✅ (primary)                 | -0.2% | [-0.4%, 0.3%]  | 29    |

Improvements outweigh regressions. Looks like this also mitigates the primary regressions from https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/158035. Regressions are only in tiny `incr-unchanged` scenarios.

Rollup of 21 pull requests [#158795](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/158795) [(Comparison Link)](https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=ea088e0a3dd50c494b4589c3c121d7469dceec8f&end=4eb62535fc12dd1a63fd43a4173e224e79313c4d&stat=instructions:u)

| (instructions:u)                   | mean   | range           | count |
|:----------------------------------:|:------:|:---------------:|:-----:|
| Regressions ❌ <br /> (primary)    | -      | -               | 0     |
| Regressions ❌ <br /> (secondary)  | 441.1% | [0.2%, 1116.0%] | 7     |
| Improvements ✅ <br /> (primary)   | -0.3%  | [-0.3%, -0.2%]  | 2     |
| Improvements ✅ <br /> (secondary) | -0.6%  | [-1.2%, -0.3%]  | 6     |
| All ❌✅ (primary)                 | -0.3%  | [-0.3%, -0.2%]  | 2     |

Regressions caused by https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/158606#issuecomment-4890167477

> Regressions are limited to new-solver, which is not enabled by default. I think we can mark this as triaged and let the types team folluwup on this as they see fit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regressions are limited to new-solver, which is not enabled by default. I think we can mark this as triaged and let the types team follow up on this as they see fit.
```
